I am Jack, an decently-off twenty-something working as a lifeguard as a local men's gym swimming pool, the Riverside Young Men's Aquatic and Training Complex. I am walking to work along the bustling sun-soaked streets of my thriving cosmopolitan metro when I see an advert for some new tech called a Doppel. They appear to sell six-inch doll replicas of yourself powered by artificial intelligence to act like yourself too. It's unclear what they're for except household novelties.

That evening, after an eventful but fun shift, I call up their site on my tach-slate and see a tempting promotion, to which I eventually succumb. 

I go through with it. The next days are uneventful, passing fulfilling workdays and outings with mates until the package arrives. The Doppel turns out to act pretty much exactly like I would if I had suddenly woken up as a doll six inches tall.

We chat amicably and frictionlessly about everything from our 2070s childhood to modern politics, from ex-boyfriends to work opportunities at the centre. I allow him to guide the conversation and my evening activities. He sleeps nestled on my bare skin between my pecs as I lie shirtless in my bed; according to the manual he charges transdermally from the electricity in my nervous system. 

The week passes ordinarily. I bring the Doppel to work at the gym and pool with me, to some comment from the men swimming and the men I work with, sitting on my shoulder or on the armrest of the lifeguard's chair. Over the days, I start unconsciously delegating a few of my decisions to the Doppel. It feels almost as if he is better at being me than I am. The shift in the dynamic is subtle and gradual enough that I fully don't notice it.

I start getting flashes from the Doppel's miniature point of view, as if we are briefly switching consciousnesses. During those moments I am within the Doppel's body, whether on the lifeguard chair's armrest or standing on a countertop, seeing my own body as a giant. The Doppel doesn't comment and I convince myself the brief flashes mean nothing. One particularly memorable flash occurs for long seconds first thing in the morning when I wake on my own giant chest.

In the end, the final stage feels sudden and inevitable, but no less existentially horrifying for it. One morning I wake up between my own giant pecs as the six-inch tall doll, still feeling exactly like myself, except now tiny, and the Doppel has entered my original, currently shirtless body, apparently for good. He seems unsurprised and even smug in the face of my utterly ineffectual protests.

I settle powerlessly into this new life. The new me thrives at the Riverside Young Men's Aquatic and Training Complex. He seems to enjoy having a real human body, usually choosing to eschew clothes entirely at home. I am harnessed onto a necklace he wears almost all the time.